docs(AI): add AI development tools page and replace stale references (#4991)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/AI/ai.md

import ExternalLinkSquareAltIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/external-link-square-alt-icon';
import DownloadIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/download-icon';

When used thoughtfully, **AI** can enhance user experiences through personalized interactions, increased efficiency, and innovative designs. Regardless of the AI resources or workflows you use, it's important to ensure that you're aligned with the compliance rules, ethical considerations, and best practices on this page.

## PatternFly AI resources

The following guides are intended to help you integrate AI into your workflows as you design and develop products with:

- **[Design language](/ai/design-language):** The foundational design decisions that guide the use of AI features in products.
- **[Rapid prototyping](/ai/rapid-prototyping):** Guidance for generating and iterating AI features during early stages of design.

> - **[AI development tools](/ai/ai-development-tools):** Tools and plugins that help AI coding assistants generate more accurate, PatternFly-compliant code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[AI development tools](/ai/ai-development-tools):** Knowledge and skills that help AI coding assistants generate more accurate, PatternFly-compliant code.
```
